In the last section we learn the basics behind a market and seek.
It's time to start applying these basics to make really cool apps in the end of the section you're going
to build an app where you can manually draw in the real world.
So you're going to start a new X code project open up X code create a new project and a single application.
Call the project A are trime press next and create the project.
So to start setting up the user interface of the app go to the main storyboard and to the initial the
controller add an arcade scene kids you
expand the cricket scene preview such that it fits the views dimensions.
So you learn in the previous section that the archaic view gives a camera a view of the real world that
can display three dimensional content pinned to the top bottom leading and trailing space.
Now add a button to the Harkat seeing you right close to the bottom.
So I started horizontally centered called the bottom drawer
and pinned the button to the bottom by 20 pixels.
Give it a width of 65 pixels as well as the height of 45.
The three constraints and give people a background color of your choice.
I'm just going to give a background color of snow which is a fancy word for what's open up the assistant
editor and connect the same view to The View Controller with an I.V. outlet connect the outlet and import
market so that we can use the market framework close the assistant editor and back to the controller
declare a constant in figuration configuration is equal to our world tracking session configuration.
As previously discussed world tracking is used to track the position and orientation of the device at
all times.
Make sure the scene view runs per session with the configuration by writing self Darcy view does session
does run configuration.
Debug options to the scene view by writing self does seem.
View does debug options is equal to an array type of debug options.
A R S and evil options does show world origin and they are s.c and debug options does show feature points.
We've done this before but this time also makes sure the scene view shows statistics self does scene
view does show statistics is equal to true.
So if this is set to true then the same view will show information like frames per second and seen rendering
performance.
Now before running app there is one more step which is a step you've done before.
Go to the end for the up list and add the property privacy.
Cameron uses description.
This displays an alert prompting the user to allow the app to use the camera give the clerk a message
by reading Please enable the camera for a cool a market experience and I seem to have misspelled camera.
Now you can run the app.
Notice the alert prompting the user to enable the camera allow the app to use the camera and give the
device time to recognize its surroundings.
Right here is the world origin.
So the starting position relative to the scene view and here are the feature points which are tracking
points for the device that provide the device information about its relative position to the real world.
This is nothing new we've done these before on the bottom however are your statistics.
Statistics show the rendering performance to be 60 frames per second.
So scenes are constantly being rendered at 60 frames per second.
Why is this important.
Well you'll find out in a minute about 2 x code inherit from eight our SDN if you delegate
by doing so you can access the renderer delegate will render seen this as the delegate function that's
going to help us make the drawing up this delegate function gets called every time the view is about
to render a scene.
Essentially it's like a never ending loop since as you saw from before seen a rendering is occurring
at 60 frames per second.
So as long as something is being rendered this function keeps getting triggered.
So put a print statement of rendering and for the delegate function to be called when a scene is rendered
you need to declare the scene to use delegate to be self by writing self does seem.
View delegate is equal to self run the up as the app is running scenes are constantly being rendered
and seems are constantly being rendered.
This print statement keeps getting triggered instead of a print statement in another lecture.
We're going to draw in every frame of the rendered scene however to do that we're going to need the
current position and orientation of the camera and each render scene we'll do that in the next video.